In the balance sheet, assets
are classified into current
and non-current
assets and liabilities
as well.
In this class I want you to understand
very well, it will help you a lot to
understand the balance of situation better.
I want you to know what are the
criteria for classifying into
current and non-current and what
are the types of assets and liabilities
that a company actually has.
Well, the theoretical classification
of the asset is based on its liquidity,
that is, we have assets, current
assets are liquid assets that
will be transformed into treasury
in a period of less than one
year and non-current assets
in a period of more than one
year.
Current assets are the assets
that were formerly called circulating,
they are the liquid assets
that are related to the operations
of the company and are basically
three, it is cash, treasury,
it is the accounts of
customers to collect and
it is the stocks, that
is, it is the goods, raw materials,
etc., that we still have
in the balance sheet before
selling them.
A common asset, for example,
is the stock in a supermarket.
Current assets are active assets
that are constantly rotating, in
rotation.
We collect, we sell, we generate
customer salaries, we collect,
we invest raw materials,
etc., it is a continuous cycle.
And companies have another type of
assets that are non-current assets,
which are assets that remain
in the company, are assets
that remain in the company
for a long time, are stable, because
they are the formerly
called fixed assets or immobilized,
because we think of equipment,
long-term financial
investments, in machinery,
in buildings, on
the web page.
For example, this is a non-current
asset, because if we have a business
related to the work and we have
vehicles of this type, they would
be non-current assets.
We go with the side of the sources or
the origins of financing, in this
case with the recorded asset and
with the liability.
The first thing we will do
is to classify the passive.
We have classified the asset
according to its liquidity,
in the time it becomes treasury.
The asset, the passive, the passive,
we will classify according
to their requirements.
What does this mean for the demandability?
This is the time limit for repaying
these debts.
We have current liabilities with
a term of less than one year, that
is, in less than one year we have
to return current liabilities.
Non-current liabilities, which
are long-term debts, must
be repayed within a period
of one year.
Well, what we will do is
join net assets with non-
current liabilities, with
long-term debts.
Why is it?
Because they are resources that
are really permanently in the company.
On the one hand, net assets, social
capital, do not have to be returned.
And on the other hand, I want you
to keep in mind that long-term debt
is usually a fixed balance within
the company.
We are usually refinancing
and we are usually refinancing.
It is a balance that remains.
When the deadline arrives, it is usually
renegotiated.
And we have at the bottom the current
liabilities, which are short-
term debts, which we will repay
in a period of less than
12 months.
Finally, we go back to the balance sheet
and see that we have two big blocks.
On the one hand, we have non-
current assets, fixed assets,
such as machinery, website,
intangible assets, etc.
The buildings and to their right
the permanent resources, which
are long-term debts and
net assets.
And at the bottom we have the current
assets, the circulating assets,
the assets closest to the
operations of the rotating
companies.
Current liabilities are the
debts that we have to repay
in the short term.